where it got complicated he got nervous and that on the way out
the apparent target the stream sinning to see
isabella
the relay faults
I think it's 50%
look for the play is out
for your advocates that is not
he left behind him
the reason but first grand slam that lack of communication it seems that
I listened dry
avoid one another the ball was loose very well what it does and the way
who arrives after opening that you touch obesity
your defenses clear monsoon error account
when returning fast cover the area
they do not reach to arrive we will see
it is an immediate reaction peace
what you have to do things
but meaty
takes advantage very well the Leon club has arrived
Ramírez Fajardo and the best in the region
to pachuca on the right
it seems good it seems good it seems good service this year
before it was
excellent wonderful and in time the sweep
of fiscal August putting the ball to the corner that opportune because it must be a
close and still because the ball was pure poison the antler
pallet mediocrity to push and miguel herrera as the san oar
the intention that the culture
the palette outlined in the center
the booty orozco a sweep more than opportune timekeeper
rogelio chávez
the former blue cross player
the teams 15 minutes on the track a header
the win of the first part
Pachuca scores
novell inc and our inflation
and the game
of asempal
we had sung right in the form of saving the mark it stays very late
when I reacted impossible for the rabbit miss this indeco reserve
i would vote treat this arshad saprut the disarticulated mind in the jump
and the real headbutt of great technical quality as a gesture jumps
impressive in the way how they performed the for the rabbit knows that
the valencian ball oiea irán
although less awkward moment
also things end of match managed